I did with speech syndrome haven't I was
younger and had to recite a few poems
and Fresh's and things like that and
then when I was in transition here in
school we did the Pirates of Penzance
and I'm putting a lot of time and effort
to be part of the course as I'm told a
week before and that had to mine
so I was really just a plank stand at
the back of stage not really knowing
what to do yeah obviously before I got
into this line of work I was actually a
street performer myself you might
remember me I was a fire eater and
blower but uh after that didn't work out
so I found myself in this line of work
but that was my main involvement my last
time I performed was in 97 was it Steve
I think so here but obviously I've
burned all my hair off and that ended it
really to grass I can't afford to lose
any more so yeah that's my sole
involvement I think my one only acting
performance came in in primary school
and a modern rendition of Cinderella and
that was I was pretty bad at that so
that that didn't last very long and but
I did perform and the Royal Festival
Hall
as a singer in London year and that was
only one off performance as well no I
wasn't a Spector Kevin no but there
that's as far as it goes really I
wouldn't be the world's best singer or
actor that's probably why I'm doing what
I'm doing right now
I think the Arts Festival brings so much
to go away for the two weeks that the
Arts Festival is on it creates such a
great buzz in town and such a great
atmosphere there's so many things to do
so many people to see so it's just fun
this is just an all-around fantastic
fortnight really for the city I always
look forward to the discreet
entertainment you know during the
wintertime you can run down ere Square
in five minutes but it seems to take in
nearly an hour during the Arts Festival
there's so much to do so much to see and
so many unique events and and artists
just as well as just displaying what
their best are doing and there's just so
many things you wouldn't see you know
every day today kind of circumstances I
was it's it's an interesting walk I
think I'm particularly looking forward
to seeing chic performing this year at
the fit and Fisheries field and I think
a few people will be we remember the 80s
putting me more than a few other younger
guys in the team but I think there's a
big group that's going to see them
perform
and I'm sure to be a bit bit of a
dance-off during the during the live
performance am as a few the guys to rate
themselves as dancers I'm also looking
forward to seeing Michael Winslow
and the comedian who was in police
academy I think so I hope for your learn
a few a few a few impersonations off him
that night yeah I think I'm looking for
seeing James Vincent McMorrow and Lisa
Hannigan and as Gavin already Compton
just going down and seeing what's going
on down the streets
I'm sure there's always something
interesting so I think that's what I'm
looking forward to for a sporting event
you know that's 15 aside and you know
what's gonna happen generally know the
rules but this isn't any rules and I are
chanting goes and it's how you interpret
I think it's kind of knocks you out of
your comfort zone a little bit I think
that's why cultural events such as the
Arts Festival so important